Adds a glossary entry describing muxed accounts (#510)
stellar/new-docs: content/docs/glossary/muxed-accounts.mdx

  - **Efficiency**: By combining related virtual accounts under a single account's umbrella, you can avoid holding reserves and paying fees for all of them to exist in the ledger individually.

<Alert>

  **Terminology Tip**: The term *muxing* comes from computer networking and telecommunications, where multiple signals are combined into one signal over a shared medium. We are doing the same thing here with muxed accounts: combining multiple "virtual" accounts into a single shared account in the Stellar ledger.

</Alert>

It's worth noting that this feature is intended to be a high-level abstraction, merely embedded into the protocol for convenience and standardization. There's no validation on IDs: as far as the Stellar Network is concerned, all of the [supported operations][supported-ops] operate exactly as if you did not used a muxed account. For example, if you make a payment from two muxed accounts that share an underlying Stellar account (but have different IDs), this is *exactly the same* as that Stellar account sending two payments as far as the ledger is concerned.

> It's worth noting that this feature is intended to be a high-level abstraction, embedded into the protocol for convenience and standardization. As far as the Stellar Network is concerned, all of the [supported operations][supported-ops] operate exactly as if you did *not* use a muxed account. For example, if you make a payment from two "sibling" muxed accounts (i.e. muxed accounts sharing an underlying `G...` account but with different IDs), this is *exactly the same* as that Stellar account sending two payments, as far as the ledger is concerned.

Reviewer: These two paragraphs are almost exactly the same.

Author: Oops, this must've been a merge mistake... thank you!

**TODO.**

### How do I support it in my wallet?
### Should I support Muxed Accounts in my wallet?
### etc.

## Examples

In this section, we'll demonstrate how to create muxed accounts and how they interact with some of the supported operations. To drive home the fact that custodial account workarounds based on transaction memos are superfluous now, we'll use that as a skeleton for our example structure.

### Preamble
First, let's create two accounts and then a handful of virtual accounts representing "custodial customers" that the parent account manages.

<CodeExample title="Preamble">

```js
const sdk = require("stellar-sdk");

const passphrase = "Test SDF Network ; September 2015";
const url = "https://horizon-testnet.stellar.org";
let server = new sdk.Server(url);

const custodian = sdk.Keypair.fromSecret("SAQLZCQA6AYUXK6JSKVPJ2MZ5K5IIABJOEQIG4RVBHX4PG2KMRKWXCHJ");
const outsider  = sdk.Keypair.fromSecret("SAAY2H7SANIS3JLFBFPLJRTYNLUYH4UTROIKRVFI4FEYV4LDW5Y7HDZ4");

async function preamble() {
  custodianAcc = await server.loadAccount(custodian.publicKey());
  outsiderAcc  = await server.loadAccount(outsider.publicKey());

  customers = ["1", "22", "333", "4444"].map(

>     (id) => custodianAcc.createSubaccount(id)

Reviewer: Is this the preferred way of creating a muxed account (and not `new MuxedAccount()`)?

Reviewer 2: +1 on this question. I remember some discussion on this when implementing support in the Lab or Account Viewer. Are there differences/value  in the use of either method?

Author: Good question! Suppose `account` is some Stellar account loaded from Horizon. Then, these two are functionally equivalent:

```js
let muxed1 = new MuxedAcccount(account, "1");
let muxed2 = account.createSubaccount("1");
```

These are also functionally equivalent (in situations where you only have a muxed account variable around):

```js
let muxed3 = new MuxedAccount(muxed1.baseAccount(), "3");
let muxed4 = muxed1.createSubaccount("3");
```

The `createSubaccount()` method was created with this latter scenario in mind: conveniently create "sibling" muxed accounts from existing ones. It was added to regular `Account`s for interface compatibility (though the [naming has some contention](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-base/issues/433)). 

-------------------

Given that this question came up, maybe this is confusing? Perhaps having two ways to do the same thing is a bad move; the [Zen of Python](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0020/) comes to mind here:  

> There should be one-- and preferably only one --obvious way to do it.

Thoughts on dropping this `createSubaccount()` helper, then?

---
title: Muxed Accounts
order:
---

import { Alert } from "components/Alert";
import { CodeExample } from "components/CodeExample";

> A **muxed** (or *multiplexed*) **account** is an account that exists "on top of" a traditional Stellar account address. It combines the familiar `GABC...` address with a 64-bit integer ID and can be used to distinguish multiple "virtual" accounts that share an underlying "real" account.

Author: Good point! Especially considering I think I use "parent" when referring to traditional accounts. I'll revise this.

> A **muxed** (or *multiplexed*) **account** is an account that exists "on top of" a traditional Stellar account address. It combines the familiar `GABC...` address with a 64-bit integer ID and can be used to distinguish multiple "virtual" accounts that share an underlying "real" account.

Author: Done in 248b0d6; thoughts?

> A **muxed** (or *multiplexed*) **account** is an account that exists "on top of" a traditional Stellar account address. It combines the familiar `GABC...` address with a 64-bit integer ID and can be used to distinguish multiple "virtual" accounts that share an underlying "real" account.

Reviewer 2: Clearer wording, thanks!

It's worth noting that this feature is intended to be a high-level abstraction, embedded into the protocol for convenience and standardization. As far as the Stellar Network is concerned, all of the [supported operations][supported-ops] operate exactly as if you did *not* use a muxed account. For example, if you make a payment from two "sibling" muxed accounts (i.e. muxed accounts sharing an underlying `G...` account but with different IDs), this is *exactly the same* as that Stellar account sending two payments, as far as the ledger is concerned.

## Supporting Opt-In

Because muxed account support is still experimental, you need to **explicitly opt-in** to creating operations with muxed properties. If you do not pass these opt-in flags in the necessary places, SDKs will throw errors. This is done in an effort to ensure that muxed accounts are not "accidentally" working in your application and thus may be misleading to your users.

> Each SDK implements this a little differently, but generally-speaking you need to explicitly call out muxing support when creating operations and/or transactions that use muxed accounts.

Author: It's set for every op/tx, yeah. Should I add in "each" in this last sentence to drive that home?

> generally-speaking you need to explicitly call out muxing support when creating each operation and/or transaction that uses muxed accounts.

Or do you think it needs more clarity?

> Each SDK implements this a little differently, but generally-speaking you need to explicitly call out muxing support when creating operations and/or transactions that use muxed accounts.

Reviewer 2: > Should I add in "each" in this last sentence to drive that home?
I think that's all that's needed. 

Side question: will the flag remain in perpetuity or is this a temporary setting?

> Each SDK implements this a little differently, but generally-speaking you need to explicitly call out muxing support when creating operations and/or transactions that use muxed accounts.

Author: I don't know the answer to that, honestly. If I had to surmise, it'll be a two-phase process: first, `withMuxing: true` will be the default (i.e. opt-**out** instead of opt-in). Then, we'll be able to drop the flag entirely.

---
title: Multiplexed Accounts
order:
---

import { Alert } from "components/Alert";

<Alert>

  **Warning**: *This feature is experimental.*
  Multiplexed accounts are not widely supported yet. Many wallets may not display a muxed account address and instead display the account ID address, ignoring the 64-bit ID. Adoption efforts are actively in progress.

</Alert>

> A **multiplexed** (or **muxed**) **account** is an account that exists "on top of" a traditional Stellar account address. It combines the familiar `GABC...` address alongside a 64-bit integer ID in order to support differentiating multiple "virtual" accounts that share an underlying "real" account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A **multiplexed** (or **muxed**) **account** is an account that exists "on top of" a traditional Stellar account address. It combines the familiar `GABC...` address with a 64-bit integer ID and can be used to distinguish multiple "virtual" accounts that share an underlying "real" account.
```

> A **multiplexed** (or **muxed**) **account** is an account that exists "on top of" a traditional Stellar account address. It combines the familiar `GABC...` address alongside a 64-bit integer ID in order to support differentiating multiple "virtual" accounts that share an underlying "real" account.

Reviewer 3: The term 'muxed' is well defined to be 'multiplexed' even in regular dictionaries. Given that we're calling them muxed accounts in SDKs and resolved to use that name for them, can we call them only muxed accounts rather than use both names in the doc?

Author: That seems fine with me, though from a cursory glance it seemed like the definition of "muxed" usually uses "multiplex" to define itself (super helpful :roll_eyes:). Notice that I included the "full" version of it just once here and use "muxed" exclusively since that's consistent with our SDKs, etc. as you mentioned and I agree that that's how we should refer to it. I just thought it'd be nice to at least associate the two words together for familiarity. Maybe switching the order ("**muxed** (or *multiplexed*) **account** is...") would be better?

Ultimately, though, I didn't participate in the naming discussions y'all had, so I'll follow whatever the consensus is!

Reviewer 3: Good point. I think lead with muxed, and move multiplexec into the brackets is the right call. Keeping the bolded text the thing we want people to call it +1.

Author: Done!

> They were introduced into the protocol in [CAP-21](https://stellar.org/protocol/cap-21) and their string representation is described in [SEP-23](https://stellar.org/protocol/sep-21). Muxed accounts have their own address format that starts with an `M` prefix. For example, from the account address `GA7QYNF7SOWQ3GLR2BGMZEHXAVIRZA4KVWLTJJFC7MGXUA74P7UJVSGZ`, we can create two new muxed accounts with different IDs:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
They were defined in [CAP-27](https://stellar.org/protocol/cap-27) and introduced into Stellar protocol in protocol version 13. Their string representation is described in [SEP-23](https://stellar.org/protocol/sep-21). Muxed accounts have their own address format that starts with an `M` prefix. For example, from the account address `GA7QYNF7SOWQ3GLR2BGMZEHXAVIRZA4KVWLTJJFC7MGXUA74P7UJVSGZ`, we can create two muxed accounts with different IDs:
```

Author: ooh yes good catch haha

  - `MA7QYNF7SOWQ3GLR2BGMZEHXAVIRZA4KVWLTJJFC7MGXUA74P7UJUAAAAAAAAAAAACJUQ` has the ID `0`, while 
  - `MA7QYNF7SOWQ3GLR2BGMZEHXAVIRZA4KVWLTJJFC7MGXUA74P7UJUAAAAAAAAAABUTGI4` has the ID `420`.

> Both of these addresses, when used with one of the [supported operations][supported-ops], will act on behalf of their underlying `GA7Q...` address.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Both of these addresses, when used with one of the [supported operations][supported-ops], will act on the underlying `GA7Q...` address.
```

> With muxed accounts, we can *natively* support the ecosystem-level abstraction of account memo requirements (see [SEP-29](https://stellar.org/protocol/sep-29)), where the memo was often used to differentiate between customers backed by a single custodial account. Now, the embedded ID can be used for this distinction, and guides like [this one](../building-apps/setup-custodial-account.mdx) can be made superfluous.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With muxed accounts, we can *natively* support the ecosystem-level abstraction of account memo requirements (see [SEP-29](https://stellar.org/protocol/sep-29)), where the memo was often used to distinguish between customers backed by a single custodial account. Now, the embedded ID can be used for this distinction, and guides like [this one](../building-apps/setup-custodial-account.mdx) can be made superfluous.
```

There are many other benefits to embedding this abstraction into the protocol:

  - **"Share-ability"**: Rather than worrying about error-prone things like transaction memo IDs, you can just share the `M...` address.
  - **SDK support**: The various [SDKs](../software-and-sdks) support this abstraction natively, letting you create, manage, and work with muxed accounts easily.

>   - **extensibility**: Using 64 bits for the integer ID embedded into each muxed account ensures that most abstractions can be encoded; it can be used to represent almost anything.

Reviewer 3: This piece on extensibility is unclear to me, we made a mistake in making these IDs only 64bits and not arbitrary lengths, or at least 128bits because how M addresses are defined doesn't allow us to extend them. I might be misunderstanding the intent with discussing extensibility here. Could you share an example of what you mean?

Author: Honestly kinda phoned it in for this one; I wanted a >= 3 item list. The idea was that 64 bits should be plenty for any sort of "virtual encoding" users might want. Can you think of any other perks to include of muxed accounts instead of this item?

Reviewer 3: Unfortunately 64 bits was in some ways a mistake and we can't actually encode any virtual encoding into it. 128bits would have been better, but here we are.

Opaque is a big benefit that helps with shareability and you could mention that.

Author: I thought of another perk; the bullet is now "efficiency." Let me know what you think!

Author: What did you mean by "opaque"?

Reviewer 3: Efficiency sgtm. I think you can mention that virtual accounts are now first class citizens.

Opaque in the sense the muxed account is just a single address even though it contains the elements described in this doc, from much of the ecosystems pov it's just another account and what's inside it is irrelevant.

Author: Good call re: first class! I think the opaque notion is good but it's in some ways covered by the other bullets, so efficiency fits better here.

<Alert>

  **Terminology Tip**: The term *multiplexing* (often contracted to *muxing*) comes from computer networking and telecommunications, where multiple signals are combined into one signal over a shared medium.
  We are doing the same thing with muxed accounts: combining multiple "virtual" accounts into a single shared account in the Stellar ledger.

</Alert>

> It's worth noting that this feature is intended to be a high-level abstraction, merely embedded into the protocol for convenience and standardization. As far as the Stellar Network is concerned, all of the [supported operations][supported-ops] operate exactly as if you did not used a muxed account. For example, if you make a payment from two muxed accounts that share an underlying Stellar account (but have different IDs), this is *exactly the same* as that Stellar account sending two payments as far as the ledger is concerned.

Reviewer 3: We could also call out that there is no validation of muxed account ID's. Maybe unnecessary.
```suggestion
It's worth noting that this feature is intended to be a high-level abstraction, merely embedded into the protocol for convenience and standardization. As far as the Stellar Network is concerned, all of the [supported operations][supported-ops] operate exactly as if you did not use a muxed account. For example, if you make a payment from two muxed accounts that share an underlying Stellar account (but have different IDs), this is *exactly the same* as that Stellar account sending two payments as far as the ledger is concerned.
```

Author: Added a blurb re: validation, good idea!

> At the end of the day, only the underlying `G...` account _truly_ exists. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At the end of the day, only the underlying `G...` account _truly_ exists on the ledger. 
```
